---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routingpolicies-v1alpha1_policy_list Data Source - routingpolicies-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routingpolicies-v1alpha1_policy_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Policy defines a set of rules and actions to manage network traffic or routing behavior, with statements that include matching conditions and actions, such as accepting or rejecting routes, or modifying route attributes like BGP parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) PolicyStatus defines the observed state of Policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `default_action` (Attributes) The default action to apply if no other actions are defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--default_action))
- `statement` (Attributes List) List of policy statements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--default_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.default_action`

Optional:

- `bgp` (Attributes) Actions related to the BGP protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--default_action--bgp))
- `policy_result` (String) Final disposition for the route.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--default_action--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.default_action.bgp`

Optional:

- `as_path_prepend` (Number) AS number to prepend to the AS Path attributes.
- `as_path_remove` (Boolean) Clear the AS path to make it empty.
- `as_path_replace` (List of Number) Replace the existing AS path with a new AS_SEQUENCE containing the listed AS numbers.
- `community_set` (Attributes) Modify BGP communities associated with the route using hybrid Community Sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--default_action--bgp--community_set))
- `local_preference` (Number) Set a new LOCAL_PREF value for matching BGP routes.
- `med` (Attributes) Set a new MED value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--default_action--bgp--med))
- `set_origin` (String) Set a new ORIGIN attribute for matching BGP routes.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--default_action--bgp--community_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.default_action.bgp.community_set`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) List of community sets to add to the route.
- `remove` (List of String) List of community sets to remove from the route.
- `replace` (List of String) List of community sets to replace the existing communities with. Cannot be combined with Add or Remove.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--default_action--bgp--med"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.default_action.bgp.med`

Optional:

- `numerical_value` (Number) Fixed numerical value to set or add/subtract.
- `operation` (String) The operation to perform on the MED value.
- `value_type` (String) Use a fixed value or an IGP metric to adjust the MED.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement`

Optional:

- `action` (Attributes) Actions for routes that match the policy statement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action))
- `match` (Attributes) Match conditions of the policy statement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--match))
- `name` (String) Name of the policy statement.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.action`

Optional:

- `bgp_1` (Attributes) Actions related to the BGP protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action--bgp_1))
- `policy_result` (String) Final disposition for the route.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action--bgp_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.action.bgp_1`

Optional:

- `as_path_prepend` (Number) AS number to prepend to the AS Path attributes.
- `as_path_remove` (Boolean) Clear the AS path to make it empty.
- `as_path_replace` (List of Number) Replace the existing AS path with a new AS_SEQUENCE containing the listed AS numbers.
- `community_set_1` (Attributes) Modify BGP communities associated with the route using hybrid Community Sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action--bgp_1--community_set_1))
- `local_preference` (Number) Set a new LOCAL_PREF value for matching BGP routes.
- `med_1` (Attributes) Set a new MED value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action--bgp_1--med_1))
- `set_origin` (String) Set a new ORIGIN attribute for matching BGP routes.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action--bgp_1--community_set_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.action.bgp_1.community_set_1`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String) List of community sets to add to the route.
- `remove` (List of String) List of community sets to remove from the route.
- `replace` (List of String) List of community sets to replace the existing communities with. Cannot be combined with Add or Remove.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--action--bgp_1--med_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.action.bgp_1.med_1`

Optional:

- `numerical_value` (Number) Fixed numerical value to set or add/subtract.
- `operation` (String) The operation to perform on the MED value.
- `value_type` (String) Use a fixed value or an IGP metric to adjust the MED.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.match`

Optional:

- `bgp_2` (Attributes) Configuration for BGP-specific policy match criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--match--bgp_2))
- `family` (List of String) Address families that the route belongs to.
- `prefix_set` (String) Reference to a PrefixSet resource.
- `protocol` (String) The route protocol type to match.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--match--bgp_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.match.bgp_2`

Optional:

- `as_path_match` (Attributes) AS Path match criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--statement--match--bgp_2--as_path_match))
- `community_set` (String) Match conditions for BGP communities.
- `evpn_route_type` (List of Number) Match conditions for EVPN route types.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--statement--match--bgp_2--as_path_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.statement.match.bgp_2.as_path_match`

Optional:

- `as_path_expression` (String) A singular regular expression string to match against AS_PATH objects. Mutually exclusive with the ASPathSet reference.
- `as_path_set` (String) Reference to an ASPathSet resource. Mutually exclusive with the ASPathExpression.
- `match_set_options` (String) The matching criteria that applies to the members in the referenced set.






<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
