---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "routingpolicies-v1alpha1_prefix_set_list Data Source - routingpolicies-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# routingpolicies-v1alpha1_prefix_set_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) PrefixSet defines a collection of IP prefixes, which may include specific CIDR blocks or a range of prefixes. This set is typically used for matching routes or implementing routing policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) PrefixSetStatus defines the observed state of PrefixSet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `prefix` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 or IPv6 prefixes in CIDR notation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--prefix))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.prefix`

Optional:

- `end_range` (Number) The end range when using a range to match prefixes.
- `exact` (Boolean) Indicates if it is an exact match. Ignores the StartRange and EndRange if this param is set.
- `prefix` (String) The IPv4 or IPv6 prefix in CIDR notation with mask.
- `start_range` (Number) If specifying a range, this is the start of the range.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
